Math for the Computer Industry


Bow Valley College School of Creative Technologies


Learning Contract


Student Name: Deepanshi.


Instructor: Dr. Hamdy Ibrahim
What are your current skills in this subject matter:
From my previous experience, I learned numerous skills including, Coding, communication, teamwork, problem-solving, and many more. However, this subject improves my core analytic ability. Additionally, mathematics helps me think critically and logically; it is an incredible subject that enhances my flexibility to develop an innovative and complex programming solution.


Set S.M.A.R.T. goals for yourself in this course:


Specific (Give a detailed description.)


Measurable (How will you know you've achieved it?)


Achievable (Is your objective reasonable?)


Results-oriented (Phrase with the end result in mind.)


Time-based (Include a deadline.) 


S- I aim to become a skilled Developer through the 
    comprehensive knowledge gained in this course and enhancing 
    my practical expertise in the computer field.


M- By consistently practicing, putting in dedicated efforts, and
     actively listening to my instructors in class. I believe I can 
     achieve my goals.


A- My objective is to be placed by a reputable company that
     provides opportunities for skills enhancement and career
     advancement so that I can excel in a rewarding position.


R- I consider myself a proficient tech professional who works
     in a good position and can create innovative technical 
     products.


T- While I do not have a specific deadline at the moment as
    a responsible candidate, I have to be time-oriented and 
    prioritize tasks, assignments, and my overall goal. I hope I see 
    myself as a successful Developer in the future.
What are some strategies you will use to be successful in these goals?


* CONSISTENT PRACTICE: Regular practice is key to
perfection, so this is one of the most important strategies to
become successful. If I want to achieve my goal I have to
practice daily and attend every class.
* CONTINUOUS LEARNING: Try to learn new things that not
only enhance my skills but also deepen my understanding of
this course.
* Lastly, the combination of focus, passion, and hard work
forms the bedrock of my success strategy. By staying focused
on my goals, challenging my passion for my work, and putting in
continuous effort.
How much time do you feel is going to be required for your success in this course and with these goals (In-class and outside of class)?


I will dedicate 3 hours per class and carefully listen to every
detail in class and practice that topic afterward, I believe that is 
sufficient. However, I have ample of time at home to give my 
best to this course. Additionally, there are several 
services provided by the college as well as I will go to my 
instructors who will assist me in this course.